Hi, I'm Kelly from RStudio.
Today, my co-worker Alex and I are going to collaborate on a document on RStudio Connect using Version Control and Github.
Here are the materials you'll need to follow along with this tutorial.
A running instance of the RStudio IDE.
An asset you can deploy to RStudio Connect.
We'll be using the R Markdown template document.
A running instance of RStudio Connect with a connected account.
A Github repo for the project.
And a friend for collaboration.
So here I have the R Markdown template document open.
The first thing I'm going to do is publish this to RStudio Connect like I normally would.
And after it deploys, I'll add Alex as a collaborator.
Now I'm going to commit and push my code.
It's important that I add both my code and the rsconnect folder that was created when I deployed to RStudio Connect.
The rsconnect folder just contains metadata about the content that I deployed, so who deployed it and where it was deployed to.
Oh look, Kelly posted this great document on Connect.
But I think I want to change the title here.
I'm going to start by pulling down Kelly's code.
I have both the rsconnect folder and her code.
I'm going to change the title here to something I like better and push it back up to Connect.
The publish to account here is set to Kelly because it's going back to the same document that it came from.
Here it is on RStudio Connect. It looks great.
And notice that it's in that same location as Kelly's original document.
I haven't created a new document for my version.
If I'd wanted instead to deploy it to a different location, I could have just chosen that from other destinations here under the publish dropdown menu.
Kelly created her document and published it to RStudio Connect.
She added me as a collaborator on RStudio Connect and shared the rsconnect folder via version control.
I pulled down the code in the rsconnect folder from the version control.
I made my changes and I published it back to Connect.
If you've watched this video and run into any issues deploying your own content and sharing it on RStudio Connect,
please contact support at rstudio.com.
Let them know that you've watched this video and tell them about the problem that you're having.